# Cell-Phone-Dataset-Data-Analysis
In this project, I am going to investigate the total number of cell phones per country that have been used in the world in the last four decades starting from 1980 up to 2020. I am going to investigate the number of cell phones that have been used per country. Which country was first used the highest number of cell phones in the world is one the questions that I am going to answer through the project? The last two years are not included in the dataset, so I will explore the total number of cell phones that have been used between the years of 1980 till 2020. The cell phone, also known as a cellular phone or mobile phone, is a portable telephone that can make and receive calls. Modern mobile phones use cellular network architecture and, therefore, are called cellular phones or cell phones. In addition to making and receiving phone calls, cell phones can perform a variety of other services such as email, SMS texts, Internet access, photography, video recording, and Bluetooth connectivity, among others. The mobile phone can be traced back to 1917 when Eric Tigerstedt, a Finnish inventor, filed a patent for a “pocket-size folding telephone with a very thin carbon microphone.” Analog radio communications from ships and trains are examples of early predecessors of cellular phones. Mobile phones became accessible and affordable thanks to the development of metal-oxide-semiconductor large-scale integration technology, information theory, and cellular networking.
